Likely very deprecated thoughts on what to do with a website domain Rick still owns called www.startupsboard.com

We will be creating two versions of the same website, one at www.startupsboard.com and the other at www.EntMent.com.  They will be differentiated only by their structure and user interface, so when they compete, we can better gauge their relative popularity.  Each site will thus differentiate according to its own theories about what users will value most.  Eventually, they will both be merged using the best of each, with all users ported over to the combined single website, but the merger will be presented as a buyout of the less popular one by the more popular one.  
The EntMent logo is attached, from which the EntMent site's style can be derived.  The Startupsboard logo should be created independently, and it can be whatever you think will work best.    
To get us started on this EntMent Project, we will iteratively edit a potential ChatGPT prompt, that will be used to instruct you to help create these webpages.  The prompt will refer to a specification document that will be produced by you as an Open Office text document, which I will edit and upload to you, thus we will be taking turns to iterate it.
The purpose of the website should be explained at the top of the landing page, but otherwise they should be very graphical and easy to engage with.  Both sites will be hosted by GoDaddy, using my personal account, and I am based near Toronto, Canada.  The sites will encourage users to register using an email address login, so they can create chat group(s), apply to join existing chat group(s), or post in a chat group(s) to which they have already been accepted. 
Both sites will try to connect people who are local enough to each other that they can easily meet each other in person, so we will be using embedded map(s) to show the general areas that are considered commutable territory by registered users.  This area will default to a blurred-boundary circular area, centered on their IP-address while they register, but it will need to be editable into any straight-edged shape they prefer with a maximum of 8 corner anchors. 
The website(s) will focus on the early stages of startups, so most users will be discussing business ideas, marketing strategies, business plans and investor pitches.  
A demo chat group, with fake users, should be pinned to the top of the list of active chats.  This demo chat group will show how chats work differently from less specialized chat boards. 
While non-registered users can browse freely among Ents public domain pitches, they should only be able to see metadata/statistics about groups they have NOT been admitted to become a member of, via permission to join from one of the chat group's leaders, and their online signing of the chat group's confidentiality agreement.  
Each chat group can contain various types of user, e.g. Mentor(s) (aka Ments) who are available as voluntary advisors for Ents, or Entrepreneur(s) (aka Ents) who are seeking Ents or Ments to help them to build and run a prospective startup.  
Ents or Ments can set up a chat group, but if a Ment sets one up that is initially without any Ents, their chat group should work more like a classroom where may start off by agreeing/disagreeing with the Ment's strawman Advisory Board Statement, and perhaps adding to the discussion about it.  This strawman is thus the hook with which Ments can fish for Ents that they might like to work with, and test them out a little before inviting them into a private discussion area within the Ment's chat group.    
The template for the Advisory Board Statement should be created for the Ment, to show the Ment how to present their capabilities and areas of expertise, and it should also demostrate how the Ment might preface the Statement with a few key pieces of generic advice that are most likely to hook Ents.   
If other Ments wish to join the Ment's chat group, the originating Ment will need to approve them based on the capabilities and areas of expertise the applicant claims.  The cooperating Ments may then co-edit the Advisory Board Statement.  These Advisory Board Statements should be only a few slides, with mutually agreed generic advice statements, and a summary of all the Ments capabilities and expertise areas that does not specifically attribute which Ment has which capabilities.  These are not to be person-specific bios, if Ments want to present such bios, they should include links to their LinkedIn.com profile, or similar.  The two website(s) are supposed to be about helping Ents, not about helping Ments. 
The chat group originator is always the default authority on group membership, policy and expulsions.   However, they should be able to authorize additional group leaders who can then outvote the original leader, and thus expel the original leader if necessary.  Should the original leader wish to leave the chat group, a vote should be required to select a subsequent leader.  Only by unanimous consent of all leaders can a chat group be automatically and permanently archived, otherwise a request for such must be sent to the site admin. 
Ent groups should be presented to look more like they belong to a young person, and Ment groups more like they belong to an old person.  BeAxa, a stack of ethical AI's, will eventually by integated into the final singular site, to assist with chat monitoring.  However, initially, it will be moderated by registered users, including group leaders who will have the final say on what individual posts are removed to archive.
Each newly-formed chat group should contain a header bar with icons linking to its sample/template documents.  For Ent-owned groups, these should include a 3-slide pitch deck template that describes the Ents ambitions and needs, a confidentiality agreement template that has to be signed to join the Ent's chat group, a Management Board agreement that explains nobody is liable, nobody is obliged to do anything and everything is voluntary, and a link to the private chat area that the more public chat group members can be promoted into, should they wish to discuss potentially proprietary information after online signing a second-stage online confidentiality agreement that is more aggressive than the first stage one because it seeks to continue reassurance of the Ent that the Ent will retain ownership and control of any non-public disclosed proprietary information or strategies.  For Ment-owned groups, the header templates should include an Advisory Board Expertise Areas list (but give it a better name than that), and the same facility for entry into a private chat area.  
Obviously, chat group originators should be asked to replace their templates with documents they themselves upload, but in doing so their uploads become public domain documents.  Thus, uploaders should be appropriately advised to be careful about public disclosures which are not protected by the first or second stage confidentiality agreement.  In other words, unregistered users will have access to their chat group's header bar resources, and so only the registered users who have been promoted to the chat groups private sub-group, and thus who have signed the second stage confidentiality agreement, should be given access to proprietary information. 
The purpose of the sites is to get Ments to register as volunteers and to attract Ents to seek or recruit cheap assistance.  Any commercial arrangements made between users should be conducted independently of the sites because they operate like a Not-For-Profit organization.  
After a minimum of three registered users have been recruited into a chat group, the chat group owner will be able to set up their private subgroup, and this will cause the public part of the entire chat group to change appearance.  This new appearance will demonstrate that the public area is merely a staging area for the private area, containing non-proprietary discussions and strategic speculation, while the contents of the private area are only represented as statistical metadata about activity (number of members, last post date, number of words exchanged, number of likes, etc).   
The intent here is to get the Ents and Ments set up to attract each other into high level strategy discussions, before they enter an area that allows them to be more specific.  Thus, Ents are never pushed toward loss of control of their potential startup, of of any ideas the Ents may consider proprietary.  
Mentors often say that ideas are cheap and most ideas get left behind, or they evolve ideas that are not recognizably similar.  However, Entprepreneurs are typically very concerned about someone else stealing their ideas, and they typically over value their ideas, in part because they are their own and they feel an emotional bond to them.  This sometimes seems ludicrous to Mentors, but their conflicting perspectives need to be recognized and respectfully managed.     
Another type of user for the sites will be curious angel investors.  These investors should be asked to join up as a specially recognized type of Mentor, perhaps using a differentiated user-type avatar, and they should be presented with access to the area of the site which accumulates resources about investing in startups, such as sample legal documents.  An initial collection of relevant resources should be sourced from public websites using reference links, a representative graphic and a short text summary for each resource.  
The investor user type should be asked to agree to an "Intent to Donate", which describes the financial burden of the website and its need for goodwill financial support.   Such donations would obviously be predecated on the investor receiving value by using the site, and donations should be described as non-obligatory, with no liabilities inferred on the donor, and they a future request for donations will not be enforced or even made unless the investor appears to have benefitted from using the site.  Otherwise the site is free of charge to all users, and no other types of user will be contacted to solicit donations. 
By researching popular sites that work similarly to the above descriptions, these sites will use best practices to achieve their missions.  Now go ahead and write the prompt and the sites specification document.